Update contribution docs (#17911)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

**Please ask first before starting work on any significant new features.**

> It's never a fun experience to have your pull request declined after investing a lot of time and effort into a new feature. To avoid this from happening, we request that contributors create an issue to first discuss any significant new features.

Reviewer: In the contribution guidelines we mention:
> **GitHub discussions**: For feature ideas and general questions

So I think we should do that here as well.

```suggestion
It's never a fun experience to have your pull request declined after investing a lot of time and effort into a new feature. To avoid this from happening, we request that contributors create a discussion to first discuss any significant new features.
```
